Support sonobuoy e2e test (#230)
cybozu-go/cke: example/README.md

# Demonstration with docker-compose and Vagrant

## Overview

This demonstration gets you a single host CKE and Kubernetes cluster.

> The CKE deployed by this demo is not high availability, and does not use TLS to connect etcd.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be warned that `etcd` and `vault` deployed by this example is not durable nor secure.
```

7140fa308dc3        quay.io/cybozu/etcd:3.3    "/entrypoint.sh"         16 seconds ago      Up 14 seconds       0.0.0.0:2379-2380->2379-2380/tcp       etcd
```

## Setup node VMs

In this demonstration, Kubernetes Cluster is deployed on 3 Virtual Machines.

Follow the steps to setup the VMs with Vagrant.

```console
$ vagrant up
```

After a few minutes you will be able to log in to the VM via ssh.

```console
$ vagrant ssh worker-1
```

## Deploying Kubernetes Cluster

### Registering SSH private-key

Register SSH private-key to log in to the VMs.

```console
$ ./bin/ckecli --config ./cke.config vault ssh-privkey ~/.vagrant.d/insecure_private_key
```

## Declare Kubernetes Cluster Configuration

Declares the number of control planes and workers of Kubernetes cluster and configuration.

```console
$ ./bin/ckecli --config ./cke.config constraints set minimum-workers 2
$ ./bin/ckecli --config ./cke.config constraints set control-plane-count 1
$ ./bin/ckecli --config=./cke.config cluster set ./cke-cluster.yml
```

## Checking the logs

> Kubernetes cluster construction will begin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the cluster configuration is set, CKE will soon install Kubernetes.
```

You can see the operation history with the following command.

```console
$ ./bin/ckecli --config ./cke.config history -f
```

You can also see the logs of CKE.

```console
$ docker logs cke -f
```

> After a few minutes, the building of Kubernetes cluster will be complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CKE will finish installation of Kubernetes components in a few minutes.
```

## Operating Kubernetes cluster

### setup kubectl

See [Install and Set Up kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/)

### Issuing configuration file of kubectl

You can get a configuration file of kubectl to access Kubernetes cluster with the following command.

```console
$ ./bin/ckecli --config=./cke.config kubernetes issue > $HOME/.kube/config
```

## Setup CNI plugin

> In the initial state, communication between pods is not available, because CNI plugin is not installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CKE itself does not install any network plugins.
To implement the [Kubernetes networking model](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/networking/), you have to install [a plugin](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/network-plugins/).
In the initial state, communication between pods is not available, because CNI plugin is not installed.
```

> You have to setup any CNI plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

You can deploy calico on Kubernetes cluster with the following command.

```console
$ kubectl apply -f calico.yaml
```

See [Calico Documantation](https://docs.projectcalico.org/v3.8/getting-started/kubernetes/installation/calico) for details.

> After a few minutes, Kubernetes cluster will be ready.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a few minutes, Kubernetes cluster will become ready.
```

$ ./bin/ckecli --config ./cke.config constraints set control-plane-count 1
$ ./bin/ckecli --config=./cke.config cluster set ./cke-cluster.yml
```

## Checking the logs

Kubernetes cluster construction will begin.

You can see the operation history with the following command.

```console
$ ./bin/ckecli --config ./cke.config history -f
```

You can also see the logs of CKE.

```console
$ docker logs cke -f
```

After a few minutes, the building of Kubernetes cluster will be complete.

## Operating Kubernetes cluster

### setup kubectl

See [Install and Set Up kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl/)

### Issuing configuration file of kubectl

You can get a configuration file of kubectl to access Kubernetes cluster with the following command.

```console
$ ./bin/ckecli --config=./cke.config kubernetes issue > $HOME/.kube/config
```

## Setup CNI plugin

CKE itself does not install any network plugins.
To implement the [Kubernetes networking model](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/networking/), you have to install [a plugin](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/network-plugins/).

> In the initial state, communication between pods is not available, because CNI plugin is not installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
